Docs: adds v22 Core upgrade guide (#596)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/releases/upgrading.mdx

# Upgrade guide

## Since 0.22.0

### New

#### Hosted Authenticate Service

> The [Hosted Authenticate Service](/docs/capabilities/hosted-authenticate-service.md) provides a hosted authenticate service URL and hosted identity provider. The [Self-Hosted Authenticate Service](/docs/capabilities/self-hosted-authenticate-service), which requires a self-hosted authenticate service URL and identity provider, is still supported for users that prefer to host these services themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Hosted Authenticate Service](/docs/capabilities/hosted-authenticate-service.md) replaces the need for an explicitly authenticate service URL / hosted identity provider. Users can now get started without needing their own identity provider, or authenticate service. 

The [Self-Hosted Authenticate Service](/docs/capabilities/self-hosted-authenticate-service), which requires a self-hosted authenticate service URL and identity provider, is still supported for users that prefer to host these services themselves.
```

Clear-er-er?

# Upgrade guide

## Since 0.22.0

### New

#### Hosted Authenticate Service

> The [Hosted Authenticate Service](/docs/capabilities/hosted-authenticate-service.md) replaces the need for an explicit authenticate service URL and hosted identity provider. Users can now get started without including their own identity provider, or authenticate service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Hosted Authenticate Service](/docs/capabilities/hosted-authenticate-service.md) replaces the need for a self-hosted authenticate service and explicit third-party identity provider configuration. Users can now get started without including their own identity provider, or authenticate service.
```

> The [Self-Hosted Authenticate Service](/docs/capabilities/self-hosted-authenticate-service), which requires a self-hosted authenticate service URL and identity provider, is still supported for users that prefer to host these services themselves.

Reviewer: The sentence is kinda awkward.

#### Wildcard From Routes

> [Wildcard From Routes](/docs/reference/routes/from#wildcard-from-routes) support allows you to define multiple near-identical external `from` routes that point to the same internal `to` route. Wildcard From Routes is a Beta feature.

Reviewer: > Wildcard From Routes

Is awkwardly written. The feature allows wildcard syntax (e.g. `*`) in the `From` route configuration option.
